Security Application
So we are building an application where we will manage the security.
So what we need to build is :
entry level security management
based on regions/areas we need to create cluster for whom we are providing security i.e :
consider we are providing security to specific building/society/business park
So we are providing them security guards and application
what does this application do:
most basic and important reason is to note who is going and coming in premises
they will become a gateway/firewall to allow or stop based on premission giving by premise occupancies
in this main application Admin will create an tenant based on geolocation in which it will register the details of premise and owners in those appartments or companies hub
when a outsider comes to premise we will ask permission from tenant inside the premise for verification and allowance 
if they confirm we will generate pass with photo to have proof about the vistor 
1) either occupant raise ticket for incoming guest or parcel person for allowance 
2) the security person raise ticket for incoming guest or parcel person for seeking the permission for allowance
This is basic whole idea for build main application

now entering into inner functionalities of application
Admin Based Login:
Admin will have lots to register
1) Security Guards Details
2) premise details
3) Tenancies Generation based on geolocation 
4) Mapping and Management among Security Guards allocations into Premises based on geolocation tenancies 
5) Maintaining finance department
6) Maintaining Security Gaurd Roles of works(shift, overtime, salary, holidays, etc)
7) Maintaining Premises(incoming finance, tenure)
8) 

User Based Login:
a) Security Gaurd Login:
1) His Details(shift, overtime, salary, holidays)
2) Premises Details
3) Raised Permission by occupant of premise
4) Raise Permission by him
5) generate pass or ticket with in and out time

b) Premises Based:
i) Premise Login:
.) Will have security guard details who is gonna work(shift, timings, holidays taken by guard, number of guards for which purpose)
..) Will have list of people visited
...) will have payment and finance details(payment notification per monthly basis or yearly,) 
....) 


ii) Occupants of Premise Login:
.) will have only request page with one time sign on 
..) either to approve or request for visitor

iii) Guards Login:
.) to see his or her own details
..) which premise he is working
...) apply holiday, or apply for overtime if someone is absent for their working hours
....) login and logout maintain ability
.....) requesting to tenant of premise to notify the visitor 


SecurityCoreApp
SecurityCoreApi
SecurityCoreBackgroundService























































Future Implementation
Live Tracker

Pinpoint the exact location of your security guard on the map. Find out where your security guard was on the post site during the specified time frame.
time-clock
Time Clock

GuardsPro’s integrated security guard time clock eliminates the need for carrying multiple devices to the patrol site and helps get rid of errors in timesheets.
attn
Guard Attendance

Get multiple live notifications right within the dashboard. Easily find out when your guards confirm shifts, clock in or out, pick up open shifts, and do more.
online-report
Online Reporting

Using GuardsPro reporting software you and your team can create custom reports and receive upto 25 different types of reports in real-time.
geo-fencing
Geofencing

Define a virtual perimeter within which the guards are either restricted or authorized to move, and get notified of a violation on the dashboard.
dispatch-center
Dispatcher

Allow your staff to attend dispatch calls coming in from multiple sources and assign dispatch calls to guards for rapid incident response.
inactive-flag
Idle Alerts

Find out which guard has been inactive and when. With this feature you have the ability to address accountability among your guards.
custom-report
Custom Reports

Create custom report templates to define reporting criteria for different clients to suit their reporting requirements and re-use them when needed.
panic-button
Panic Button

Let security guards alert back-office users in real-time about any emergency on the post site by pressing the panic button on the guard app.
shift-template
Shift Templates

Use security guard scheduling software to create shift templates and use them across multiple post sites when creating shifts for guards to work on.
open-shift
Open Shifts

Shift status lets the guards confirm each shift and provide live status to give you the extra confidence & reassurance that your guards will be there.
shift-confirmation
Shift Status

Shift status lets the guards confirm each shift and provide live status giving you extra confidence and reassurance that your guards will be on duty.
notification
Live Notifications

Get multiple live notifications right within the dashboard. Find out when your guards confirm shifts, clock in or out, pick up open shifts and more.
day-off-request
Time Off

Simply add and manage full or partial day, paid or unpaid leave requests submitted by the guards using their mobile app right on the dashboard.
swap-shift
Shift Exchange

It enables security guards to exchange their confirmed shifts with other security guards with the approval of the back-office users.
secure-database
Secure Database

With bank-grade encryption, all sensitive payroll data is stored and shared securely, safe from illegitimate use.
visitor-management
Visitor Manager

Register and share the particulars of visitors and vehicles at each post-site using the GuardsPro mobile app with time in and time out details.
task
Tasks

Create and assign tasks to individual security guards on-site to ensure they are completed by them and easily trackable by you in GuardsPro reporting.
in-app-check-ins
In-App Check-In Or Out

Don’t burden your dispatcher with check-in or out phone calls. GuardsPro allows the guards to easily check-in or out of post sites using the app.
easy-invoicing
Invoices

GuardsPro Invoicer makes it easy for you to create invoices on the go, share them with your clients, apply payments, and track their delivery status.
estimate
Estimates

Create and share detailed estimates with your clients in a few clicks. Also view the status of the delivery estimate, make changes on the go and easily convert estimates to invoices.
payroll-integration
Payroll Integrations

Generate accurate payroll reports and export them to Quickbooks, Gusto, ADP Workforce, and Paychex now in minutes. Eliminate double entries using it.
map-integration
Map Integration

Tightly integrated in the back office, guard apps, and client apps, advanced maps give you and your team a clear view of the post sites using multiple map layers.
post-order
Post Orders

Post orders are a critical component of every guard’s day-to-day activity. Always keep them updated by creating detailed post orders.
attendance-reconciliation
Attendance Reconciliation

Eliminate the time consumed by back-office users to manually reconcile attendance of guards clocking-in late or early with this GuardPro feature.
skill-set
Skill Set

Keep your clients happy by adding and utilizing your guard's skills and expertise to schedule them effectively and effortlessly on their post sites.
department
Departments

After assigning security guards to the post site, you can easily assign shifts to them based on the departments easily created on the platform.
message
Messenger

Effective communication is vital, which is why GuardsPro messenger allows the users to connect and collaborate with numerous chat options.
custom-pay-rate-multiplier
Overtime Multiplier

Generating precise payroll reports requires setting precise pay rate multipliers. Take advantage of GuardsPro to do it for different guards.
detail-system-log
Login History

Audit the detailed login history of your back-office users to step up security. Easily view the username, timestamp, login browsers, and much more.
vacant-shift
Vacant Shift

Create a vacant shift on the early request of clients visible only to the back-office users until the guards are assigned to it in the near future.
support-ticket
Support Ticket

Have a question or a query? This feature is built in-system that can be used to help you reach us for a quick solution.
checklist
Checklist

Quickly create and share a list of items with security guards that need to be checked off on the post site during the shift.
help-center
Support Center

Need help? GuardsPro guard tour system’s support center provides access to vast support articles and walkthrough videos.
client-portal
Client Web Portal

Your clients can have secure access to all the critical data using the GuardsPro Client Web Portal. Thus, ensuring transparency at all times.
client-mobile-app
Client Mobile App

This mobile version of the Client Web Portal allows clients to check post site activity such as reports, site tours, GPS tracking, and much more.

3) Guard Web Portal
{
 "Details" : "Guards can login using their mobile app credentials on this web version of the app for guards to submit reports, clock-in, check-in, & do much more."
}
3) Doc And Policies
{
 "Details" : "GuardsPro allows sharing your company policies with guards seamlessly so that they can access & acknowledge it on their mobile app on the go."
}
3) Analytics
{
 "Details" : "Analytics for scheduler and reports is designed to help you evaluate crucial data graphically and make informed decisions quickly. "
}
3) Comments
{
 "Details" : "The back-office dashboard users can add comments and mention each other throughout the system using this feature. "
}
3) Exchange Shift
{
 "Details" : "It enables the security guards to request the back-office users to exchange shifts or pass it to another guard even if it was confirmed."
}
3) Vehicle Patrol
{
 "Details" : "It allows the back-office users to predefine routes and vehicles for security guards to conduct vehicle patrol using their mobile app."
}
3) 2-Step Authentication
{
 "Details" : "GuardsPro guard tour system has upgraded its security by adding 2-step authentication for all back-office users."
}
3) Deep Linking
{
 "Details" : "We’ve inserted deep linking in email notifications for all user types, so you can be directed to a specific page than the login page."
}
3) Dark Mode
{
 "Details" : "Your back-office users as well as security guards can change their back-office dashboard or mobile app’s setting to dark mode."
}
3) Invoicer Item
{
 "Details" : "There is a new menu called Item added under GuardsPro invoicer where a user can define an item as taxable or non-taxable."
}
3) User Roles
{
 "Details" : "Give your entire security team access to GuardsPro by creating custom roles and giving custom access to the platform to individual or multiple team members."
}
3) Cloud Files
{
 "Details" : "Easily upload and download important files and documents for client, post site, guard, and back office user profiles along with custom description."
}
3) Site Tours
{
 "Details" : "Create and assign site tours to guards to keep them active on-site. It supports NFC, QR, and Virtual tags which can be programmed easily."
}
3) Licenses
{
 "Details" : "Enables both back office users and guards to upload licenses and track the expiry dates by getting early notifications before licenses expire."
}
3) Custom Settings
{
 "Details" : "Get multiple live notifications right within the dashboard. Easily find out when your guards confirm shifts, clock in or out, pick up open shifts, and do more."
}
3) Guard Availability
{
 "Details" : "Guards can define their weekly availability for the scheduler using their GuardsPro mobile app, so they can schedule them based on that."
}
3) Hours By Report
{
 "Details" : "Hours by report allows you to filter payroll and time clock results based on clients, post site, skill set, and department for better clarity."
}
3) Live Chat Support
{
 "Details" : "We at GuardsPro offer live chat support to all our clients to help you resolve all your queries regarding GuadsPro guard tour system."
}
3) Autosave Drafts
{
 "Details" : "All reports now have an autosave feature that automatically saves the draft while the guard is typing a report and patrolling the client site."
}
3) Passdown
{
 "Details" : "Allow security guards assigned to a post site to create passdown logs to share important information with other guards on duty."
}